{
    "success": true,
    "code": 200,
    "message": "detection result passed to proxy",
    "data": {
        "sentences": [],
        "isHuman": 100,
        "additional_feedback": "",
        "h": [
            "Types of Pollution Air Pollution Air the release of harmful gases and particles into the atmosphere.",
            "Caused defilement Major sources include vehicle emission, industrial smoke, burning of fossil fuels, and deforestation.",
            "Further afforestation and reforestation.",
            "Reducing the use of plastics and promoting recycling.",
            "Importantly, implementing stricter laws on industrial emissions and waste management.",
            "Certainly, raising awareness about sustainable lifestyle choices.",
            "Conclusion Pollution is not just an environmental problem—it's a human survival issue.",
            "Each individual, community, and government has a role to play in tackling it.",
            "By adopting cleaner technologies, practicing responsible conption, and protecting natural resources, humanity, essentially, can reduce pollution and ensure a healthier, more sustainable future for generations to come."
        ],
        "hi": [],
        "textWords": 449,
        "aiWords": 112,
        "fakePercentage": 18.64,
        "specialIndexes": [],
        "specialSentences": [],
        "originalParagraph": "Essay on Pollution launching defilement is one of the most pressing issue confronting humanity today. It refers to the introduction of harmful substances into the environment—air, H2O, and soil—that reason adverse effects on living beings and the cancel balance of the ecosystem. As the world continues to industrialize and urbanize, essentially, befoulment has become a global problem that threatens human health, biodiversity, and even the planet ’ s climate system. Types of Pollution Air Pollution Air the release of harmful gases and particles into the atmosphere. Caused defilement Major sources include vehicle emission, industrial smoke, burning of fossil fuels, and deforestation. Definitely, prolonged exposure to contaminate air leads to respiratory problems, heart disease, and contributes to climate change. At the end of the day: h2O befoulment Water pollution occurs when rivers, lakes,, actually, and oceans are contaminated with chemicals, charge card, sewage, and industrial waste. Without question, polluted water harms aquatic living and makes water unsafe for drinking and irrigation. The thing is, soil defilement Excessive use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides, and unlawful disposal of industrial and household waste degrade soil quality. Also, this reduces agricultural productivity and introduces toxins into the food chain. Noise Pollution Loud and continuous sounds from vehicles, factories. Clearly, on top of that, urban activities disturb mental peace, cause stress, and can even result in hearing loss. Plastic befoulment The overuse of plastic, especially single-use charge card, has created a long-lasting environmental hazard. What we're seeing is: plastic take hundreds of years to decompose and pose a severe threat to wildlife and marine life. Look, causes of defilement Rapid industrialization and urbanization Overpopulation and increased consumption disforestation and land degradation Uncontrolled use of fossil fuel Improper waste direction result of befoulment On human health: befoulment reason respiratory diseases, cardiovascular problem, cancers, and developmental issues in children. Indeed, on the environment: It leads to global warming,, basically, acid rain, soil infertility, and destruction of habitats. Here's the bottom line: on biodiversity: Many species face, more or less, extinction due to habitat loss and poisoning from pollutants. On economy: Countries spend billions of dollars on healthcare and environmental restoration due to defilement. Sometimes, solutions to befoulment Transitioning to renewable energy sources like solar and wind. Further afforestation and reforestation. Reducing the use of plastics and promoting recycling. Importantly, implementing stricter laws on industrial emissions and waste management. Certainly, raising awareness about sustainable lifestyle choices. Conclusion Pollution is not just an environmental problem—it's a human survival issue. Each individual, community, and government has a role to play in tackling it. By adopting cleaner technologies, practicing responsible conption, and protecting natural resources, humanity, essentially, can reduce pollution and ensure a healthier, more sustainable future for generations to come.",
        "feedback": "Your Text is Human Written",
        "input_text": "Essay on Pollution launching defilement is one of the most pressing issue confronting humanity today. It refers to the introduction of harmful substances into the environment—air, H2O, and soil—that reason adverse effects on living beings and the cancel balance of the ecosystem. As the world continues to industrialize and urbanize, essentially, befoulment has become a global problem that threatens human health, biodiversity, and even the planet ’ s climate system. Types of Pollution Air Pollution Air the release of harmful gases and particles into the atmosphere. Caused defilement Major sources include vehicle emission, industrial smoke, burning of fossil fuels, and deforestation. Definitely, prolonged exposure to contaminate air leads to respiratory problems, heart disease, and contributes to climate change. At the end of the day: h2O befoulment Water pollution occurs when rivers, lakes,, actually, and oceans are contaminated with chemicals, charge card, sewage, and industrial waste. Without question, polluted water harms aquatic living and makes water unsafe for drinking and irrigation. The thing is, soil defilement Excessive use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides, and unlawful disposal of industrial and household waste degrade soil quality. Also, this reduces agricultural productivity and introduces toxins into the food chain. Noise Pollution Loud and continuous sounds from vehicles, factories. Clearly, on top of that, urban activities disturb mental peace, cause stress, and can even result in hearing loss. Plastic befoulment The overuse of plastic, especially single-use charge card, has created a long-lasting environmental hazard. What we're seeing is: plastic take hundreds of years to decompose and pose a severe threat to wildlife and marine life. Look, causes of defilement Rapid industrialization and urbanization Overpopulation and increased consumption disforestation and land degradation Uncontrolled use of fossil fuel Improper waste direction result of befoulment On human health: befoulment reason respiratory diseases, cardiovascular problem, cancers, and developmental issues in children. Indeed, on the environment: It leads to global warming,, basically, acid rain, soil infertility, and destruction of habitats. Here's the bottom line: on biodiversity: Many species face, more or less, extinction due to habitat loss and poisoning from pollutants. On economy: Countries spend billions of dollars on healthcare and environmental restoration due to defilement. Sometimes, solutions to befoulment Transitioning to renewable energy sources like solar and wind. Further afforestation and reforestation. Reducing the use of plastics and promoting recycling. Importantly, implementing stricter laws on industrial emissions and waste management. Certainly, raising awareness about sustainable lifestyle choices. Conclusion Pollution is not just an environmental problem—it's a human survival issue. Each individual, community, and government has a role to play in tackling it. By adopting cleaner technologies, practicing responsible conption, and protecting natural resources, humanity, essentially, can reduce pollution and ensure a healthier, more sustainable future for generations to come.",
        "detected_language": "en"
    }
}, what this data is returend and how to use it?